adds size limitation to person properties docs (#12388)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/person-properties.mdx

</MultiLanguage>

> ## Limitations
> 
> Person properties have a size limit of **512KB** per person record. If you attempt to create or update a person with properties that exceed this limit, the update will be rejected and an ingestion warning will be logged. This is a limit on the combined size of all properties on the person record, not individual property values.

Reviewer: I think this might work better as a callout box
```suggestion
<CalloutBox icon="IconWarning" title="Size limitation" type="caution">

Person properties have a size limit of **512KB** per person record. If you attempt to create or update a person with properties that exceed this limit, the update will be rejected and an ingestion warning will be logged. This is a limit on the combined size of all properties on the person record, not individual property values.

</CalloutBox>
```
